vuln 41 
Vulnerability Name

Broken Authentication – Brute Force Attack

Description

The application does not implement protections against automated login attempts. An attacker can repeatedly submit authentication requests without any rate limiting, account lockout, CAPTCHA, or monitoring. This allows an attacker to brute-force user credentials and gain unauthorized access.

Affected Component

Admin login functionality

Proof of Concept (PoC)

Username: admin

Attack Method: Brute-force using Burp Suite Intruder

Wordlist Used: 10k-most-common.txt (SecLists)

Successful Password Found: lifehack

Steps to Reproduce

Intercept the admin login request using Burp Suite.

Send the request to Intruder.

Keep the username fixed as admin.

Set the password parameter as the payload position.

Load the 10k-most-common.txt wordlist.

Start the attack.

Observe a successful response when the password lifehack is used.

Impact Analysis

Successful exploitation allows an attacker to:

Gain unauthorized access to the admin account

Perform privileged actions

Access or modify sensitive data

Potentially take full control of the application

This vulnerability can lead to complete account compromise.

CVSS 3.1 Base Score

8.2 – High

Vector:

CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:N

Risk Rating

High

Remediation / Mitigation

Implement rate limiting on login attempts

Enforce account lockout after multiple failed attempts

Use CAPTCHA after failed logins

Enforce strong password policies

Monitor and log failed authentication attempts

Implement multi-factor authentication (MFA)

Evidence

Screenshot of Burp Intruder attack showing successful login with password lifehack

HTTP response indicating successful authentication



vuln 42
Vulnerability Name

Broken Authentication – Execution After Redirect (No Redirect)

Description

The application performs an authorization check and issues a redirect (HTTP 302) to the login page for unauthenticated users. However, the server continues executing the request after sending the redirect, returning the protected page content in the same response. By manipulating the HTTP response, an attacker can suppress the redirect and access restricted content without authentication.

Affected Component

Admin panel authorization logic (index.php)

Proof of Concept (PoC)
Steps to Reproduce

Navigate directly to the admin panel URL:

http://localhost:1337/lab/broken-authentication/no-redirect/index.php


Enable Burp Suite → Proxy → Intercept (ON) and refresh the page.

Right-click the intercepted request and select Do intercept → Response to this request.

When the server response appears:

Change the status line from:

HTTP/1.1 302 Found


to:

HTTP/1.1 200 OK


Remove the header:

Location: login.php


Forward the response to the browser.

Result

The browser renders the admin dashboard (SVPanel) without any login, confirming an authentication bypass.

Impact Analysis

An attacker can:

Bypass authentication entirely

Access administrative functionality

Perform privileged actions without credentials

Compromise application integrity and sensitive data

This results in full authorization bypass.

CVSS 3.1 Base Score

8.8 – High

Vector:

CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:N

Risk Rating

High

Remediation / Mitigation

Immediately terminate execution after redirects (e.g., exit; / return;)

Enforce server-side authorization checks before rendering protected content

Use centralized access control middleware

Add automated tests for unauthorized access paths

Evidence

Burp Suite screenshot showing modified response (302 → 200, Location header removed)

Browser screenshot displaying the admin dashboard without authentication


VULN 43
Vulnerability Name

Broken Authentication – Two-Factor Authentication (2FA) Brute Force

Description

The application implements a 2-factor authentication mechanism using a server-generated numeric verification code. However, the OTP implementation lacks essential security controls such as rate limiting, attempt counters, account lockout, and CAPTCHA protections.

The verification code is generated using a predictable numeric range, allowing an attacker to systematically brute-force the OTP and gain unauthorized access to the admin account.

Affected Component

2FA verification endpoint (OTP validation logic)

Proof of Concept (PoC)
Observation

The application accepts a 5-digit numeric OTP

No rate limiting or delay is enforced between attempts

Unlimited verification attempts are allowed per session

Invalid OTP submissions return consistent responses

Exploitation Evidence

OTP verification requests were intercepted and replayed using Burp Suite

Burp Intruder was configured to test the full numeric range

The application did not block, delay, or lock the account during the attack

This confirms that the OTP can be brute-forced within a short time window

(Screenshot evidence: Burp Intruder attack running against the OTP parameter)

Impact Analysis

An attacker can:

Bypass 2FA protection entirely

Gain unauthorized access to the admin account

Escalate privileges without valid OTP ownership

Fully compromise application security

This completely defeats the purpose of two-factor authentication.

CVSS 3.1 Base Score

8.6 – High

Vector:

CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:L/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:N

Risk Rating

High

Remediation / Mitigation

Implement strict rate limiting on OTP verification

Enforce account lockout after failed attempts

Add exponential backoff delays between attempts

Use cryptographically secure OTP generators

Bind OTP attempts to user identity and IP

Implement CAPTCHA after multiple failures

Log and alert on OTP abuse attempts

Evidence

Burp Suite Intruder screenshot showing OTP brute-force attempts

HTTP request showing repeated OTP submissions without blocking
